[EDU]-5618 Nuxt content guide (#1362)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/templates/nuxt-content.mdx

---
title: How to deploy the Nuxt Content template
description: This template contains the configurations to create a blog or documentation website with Nuxt Content.
meta_tags: templates, guides, Azion Marketplace, web
namespace: docs_guides_nuxt_content
permalink: /documentation/products/guides/nuxt-content/
---

import Tag from 'primevue/tag';

<Tag severity="info" client:only="vue">
Preview
</Tag>

The **Nuxt Content** template contains the configurations for creating a blog or documentation website based on [Nuxt Content](https://content.nuxt.com/).

> The deployment of this template creates a GitHub repository containing your project, as well as an edge application and a domain to facilitate your access and management through Azion Edge Platform. It also creates an [Edge Storage](/en/documentation/products/store/edge-storage/) origin to deliver the content from the edge. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployment of this template creates a GitHub repository containing your project, as well as an edge application and a domain to facilitate your access and management through the Azion Edge Platform. It also creates an [Edge Storage](/en/documentation/products/store/edge-storage/) origin to deliver the content from the edge. 
```

    icon="ai ai-azion"
    icon-pos="left"
  />

---

## Setting up the template

In the configuration form, you must provide the information to configure your application. Fill in the presented fields. 

Fields identified with an asterisk are mandatory.

1. Connect Azion with your GitHub account.
    - A pop-up window will open to confirm the installation of the [Azion GitHub App](/en/documentation/products/guides/azion-github-app/), a tool that connects your GitHub account with Azion's platform.
    - Define your permissions and repository access as desired.
2. Select the **Git Scope** to work with.
3. Define a name for your edge application.
    - The bucket for storage and the edge function will use the same name.
    - Use a unique and easy-to-remember name. If the name has already been used, the platform returns an error message.
4. Click the **Deploy** button to start the deployment process.

During the deployment, you'll be able to follow the process through a window showing off the logs. When it's complete, the page shows information about the application and some options to continue your journey.

:::note

> The link to the edge application allows you to see it on the browser. However, it takes a certain time to propagate and configure the application in Azion's edge locations. It may be necessary to wait a few minutes for the URL to be activated and for the application page to be effectively displayed in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The link to the edge application allows you to see it on the browser. However, it may take some time to propagate and configure the application in Azion's edge locations. It may be necessary to wait a few minutes for the URL to be activated and for the application page to be effectively displayed in the browser.
```
